Good morning everyone. You get a little
late start here today, Monday, April the
20th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and
this is the Money Ball Morning Report
chart by Trend Spider charts by Trend
Spider, gamma flows by Mentor Q and data
analytics by tradewave.ai.
All right, taking a look at the ES,
let's talk about what's been
transpiring. If you watch Market Kickoff
last night, you'll notice um
Let's remove all the annotations. Yes,
you'll notice that I said, "Hey, they're
going to buy this dip." Now, why was I
so firm in that? Because the two highest
candles of the prior day were also
bullish and particularly the closing
candle was bullish. It's been a slow
grind to the north. My thought was, as I
mentioned yesterday, that
big money would try to lure in shorts
and then grind them out. And this is
what appears to be happening.
I don't know how we'll get to the top of
the frame
because things look really um
soft, but what do we have? Trend up.
Both the Vwap and the 50 that are close
to the charts are upward.
And the 200 is also upward. The pivot is
above us. It's going to act as
resistance. The anchored Vwap also above
us going to act as resistance. That
pivot is 7141.
The anchored Vwap is 7151.
Value area high 7176.
Value area low 7111.
We've got a couple of gamma lines to
watch. One is the call wall, 7200.
And one is the put wall,
70 7,050.
So, we are inside of the value area for
this many number of days. And so, a lot
of volume has been packed in here.
They're going to want to push it to the
north. My
reading and my data analysis suggests we
have potentially five days, counting
today, of choppy grind back to the north
and then we take another dip to the
south, fill in this volume profile just
a little bit. So, what's the trade?
Pullbacks are buy zones.
How do you manage that? The Vwap's been
doing a great job today, so pull back
off of the Vwap
is a nice start.
Ultimately, your low is the one to watch
for and that's 7,084.
But I'm just not seeing that. And as a
matter of fact,
if we use a Fibonacci here
and we open up this ledge of high to
low,
we can see that we're not even at the
halfway mark, which is at 7,097. So,
my suspicion is dips into the Vwap will
hold, give it a little room.
Maybe three, four points and then
Bob's your uncle. Ultimately, we want to
get away from this 50, but the the
premise is the grind upwards. That's
that's going to happen. We are in
positive gamma. Notice, we are above the
blue dotted line. Let's go to the NQ.
Same storyboard. They've done a lot
better job. They are at the pivot. What?
They are at the pivot. And that pivot in
the NQ, 26,725.
Anchored Vwap
26,700
50 and then
our uh closing candle formation is just
above.
Target area seems to me 26,825.
If we have a rest and digest kind of
day,
I'm not sure that's what it's going to
be. You know, we had the gap down
because
there skirmishes. Everybody's trying to
save face over there. Remember,
um
saving face is very, very important.
Well, it's very important for a lot of
people, but definitely when you start
talking about countries, right? And
there are always people pulling on
strings. But let's see where we are.
Well above value area.
Value area low 26,250.
Value area high 26,550.
Where are we with respect to trend?
Well,
we're above Vwap and we're above the 50
simple moving average.
That's bullish. Our momentum started
cresting higher just a little bit ago.
Also bullish.
But we are looking at resistance with
the pivot and the anchored Vwap. So, we
got to breach those, pull back and then
hold the floor. Where's the buy? Well,
the wicks have been breaking below the
Vwap quite a bit. So, the ideal buy zone
still looks like somewhere around the
close of the opening 30-minute
candlestick, around 26,620.
Stop at least 20 points if you take it
down here. If you try to go long up
here, your stop's got to be 100 points
if you want to stay in for the ride. So,
my thought is wait for it to come back
to the Vwap
and then make your decision. Vwap again,
uh 26,670.
Buy the dip is clearly in form and
uh the value area and positive gamma are
sitting at the same line at 26,560.
And that's also a pivot.
So, write that number down. We've got
three things compiling right there and
that's pretty important. Okay?
Let's go to Bitcoin.
Bitcoin,
same thing.
Dip down, move up. Looks good.
Looks really good. This is a very big
candlestick. April the 16th. It's a
bearish candlestick looks like
exhaustion to me based on future motion.
And we are trying to get
and stay above
that zone.
After that,
we've got this monster of a candle.
And that will be our next target,
76,325.
Notice the gap down
all the way down into this very pesky
75,000 region. And that's what we're
dancing through. Now,
where is
the pivot? It's above us.
Where is the anchored Vwap? It's above
us. Both of those 76,910.
Where is the 50 simple moving average?
It's above us. Where is the 200? It's
below us. Where is the Vwap? It's below
us. So, we've got a mixed bag. Half of
them telling us upside, half of them
telling us downside.
So, we use the pivot and the overall
framework, which is dips are buys. And
so, if we can get fortunate enough to
get a buy zone at 73,700,
that's great. If not, 74,000 looks even
better.
And
you know, if it keeps running off the
rails, which I doubt. I think we're
going to have a digestion day. Pulling
into the Vwap at 74,450
is the best buy zone. It's very noisy
here. Wait for your position. Don't
chase it. You're just going to open up
risk. All right? And if you jump in and
you go, "Oh my gosh, I'm in the wrong
place. I shouldn't be here."
Listen to what your brain is saying and
get out. Don't go, "Oh, I'm going to
wait. Maybe it'll be
This dog is so sweet. He just loves to
play.
Um
75,585.
Okay, that's a topping space. Just don't
be afraid to take a little loss because
if you don't take a little loss, you're
going to take a big loss.
All right?
Let's go to oil.
What are we seeing in oil?
We gapped up.
Um wow, that is sitting
That's that's That is congestion.
Sitting around the space. They've tried
very hard to hold this
30-minute low from the opening range in
the Globex and they are fading. So,
this is very interesting.
Look where the pivot is and where the
anchored Vwap is. That's from very deep
formations. This is also where the put
wall is.
$86.
So, they bounce above the put wall.
The pullbacks,
it'd be hard to say these are actual buy
zones,
but I think they easily could be.
Why? Because they're trying to defend
the put wall. Notice this wick over here
to the left. That number's 86.91.
I would love to tell you that I think
fuel is going to be cheap, but
not unless we have a recession.
Um it's it's going to halt. So,
we we have to go to nuclear energy. But
that's just me. All right, so what do we
have? The put wall
and the anchored Vwap right around
$86.50.
Uh the pivot 86.77.
Which also very close. And then this big
sideways pocket. Where is the Vwap? It's
above us. So, that's resistance. 200
trending down also above us. 50 trending
down,
but it's below us. So, this is a classic
space that says, "Wait
for confirmation." All of these look
belows.
These wicks have been look below and
fail.
Not ideal for taking a short. You want
to look below and go.
And that
is really the problem here. If
peradventure stance
we do lose this edge.
We should head should head to the foot
wall.
And that is 8625.
All right, or 86, right? 86 dollars
somewhere around there. So that is the
storyboard for us. They're bounces,
look like like cells. We're out of value
and out of range.
And so
well, we're actually in the range of
yesterday, but clearly outside value of
the overall formation. So we should
reject the value area low. If it's a
look above
and go
then the
200 moving average will
be the next line of defense for the
sellers. They'll push through and then
fade again because that is what the 200
is telling us is going to happen. Let's
go to gold.
This is the only one that surprised me.
I felt like gold would continue the
fade. Now, gold is moving in the same
direction as the broad markets.
Which
disconnects and connects pretty often.
What we can see is we are inside the
value area low 4800 high 4850. So it's
about 50 points wide.
We are holding the V web. The V web did
very nicely. Nice solid breakdown and
then the rotation that recaptured the
opening formation. That opening candle,
remember, that's where they're planting
the flag.
And so the halfway point of that
gives us our stop zone.
If we buy it at the top of the range and
look, wouldn't you know, look at that.
To the money. 4796
and now it's here at 4828.
Let's look at what's going on with these
moving averages. They are up to flat.
The V web is defending us.
Momentum? Slightly up.
We're right in the middle of range.
And these moving averages are in the
way, both the 50 and the 200. The pivot
is above us near value area high
4850 and the anchored V web is even
above that at 4860. Could we be heading
there? Yes.
Easily fill the gap, test to the pivot.
Could it take a couple of candle
formations to do that? Yes, it could.
But then we'd be right back into
Thursday's candle high. This
9:00 a.m. candle Not even a 9:30 candle.
The 9:00 a.m. candle is the strongest
candle of the day.
Maybe that's news, but that the low of
that candle is also value area high.
That's something to watch as a target at
4850. Okay?
If it's sideways, we'll bounce up and
then fade. The deeper dips are showing
buy zones as long as we do not lose
4797.
And we've got a secondary uh support
zone with 4785.
Okay.
Let's finally take a look at spy.
Gap down. Here's the 4-hour formation.
We're still in the 4-hour box, the 4:00
a.m. box, excuse me. I call it the
4-hour box all the time. It's a 4:00
a.m. box. And notice
that 9:30 box
of the prior trading day, which is
Friday
is essentially
where everybody's congested in. This
kind of behavior feels like congestion.
What is trend? Trend is up.
Momentum is down simply because of the
gap. Everybody um
and the moving averages are
up. The 200's up, the 50's up, the V web
is flat. So as long as we do not break
this is a buy zone.
We're very likely to come into 70550
and bounce, but all of this is a buy
zone. We're very likely to see a big
rush in of volume at
the
9:30 and it could be all the buyers that
were committed to long action that just
want to shove price to the north. So
they're going to come in really hot and
heavy and then
we'll see what happens. Top of that
range 709 to 713.
Bottom of our overall range
which is where value area high is
sitting is right around 702.
Okay.
Interesting days ahead. Risk first.
Manage risk first.
Then worry about everything else later.
Okay? Be careful.
And I'll see you on streams.